

Topic Problem: Globally antisemitism is on the rise, and almost no country if free of it. Attacks on Jewish people, stemming from antisemitic beliefs and conspiracy theories and from Israeli politics are rising. This has made its way to college campuses. Across the nation, college campuses are seeing an increase in antisemitism and in antizionism that is leaving its jewish students scared for their safety and for their future in the college
Research Questions:
1. Has antisemitism truly resurged since the holocaust? Is pre and Nazi era antisemitism back in the mainstream?
2. If it truly is back in the mainstream, how is it being allowed a space? If it is truly back in the mainstream how can it be identified?
a. Assuming there are different forms of antiesemitism, what are they and what separates them?
3. If we can recognize that antisemitism has made its way back to the public, how can we identify genuine antisemitism, from political beliefs and fight it?
Specific Audience: Average Jewish college student who is either faced with antisemitism, or antizionism, or wants to learn more about. I would also like for it to perhaps be intended for the other side of this conflict, so that they too can learn more about us and our struggle
Main Point: Antisemitism is on the rise globallyu and it is a problem that is making its way into every aspect of Jewish life. It has gotten to the point where it is now back on college campuses and a lot of Jewish students do not know how to approach it or what is true and false. In this essay, I cover the history and modern formation of antisemitism and how it’s on campuses and how to move forward.
I'd like to take you back to a simpler time, before black, white, and even gray areas existed - back into your childhood. You've probably heard stories about Israel and the Jewish people growing up. Do you remember them? Do you remember the story of Purim or Hanukkah? In a time of antiquity, when the ideal morality was the very antithesis of Judaism, so we fought for the land of Israel to continue to be a place for us to be different in a world of opposing beliefs. Do you remember the stories you'd hear back in the shtetl in the Middle Ages in Europe? Surely, you remember the stories of the Cossacks and how Jewish children in their schools would have to hide in the forests or build tunnels under their synagogues to escape persecution? But what was it that they always looked forward to? It was the land of Israel. They knew that at some point in their life, they would finally be able to return and escape this persecution. This thought persisted throughout their lives in Europe, through the expulsions in Britain and Spain, the pogroms, and the Cossacks, which up until the Holocaust, was one of the most brutal persecutions of our people. What got them through it was the Messiah and the return to Israel. Did you ever think of any bad thoughts about this idea? You’d sit at the Passover meal, as has been done by your ancestors, and you would talk about us returning to Israel but did it ever occur to question that? Did you think that if we return to the land of Israel, we're all be racists, genocidal, and pro-apartheid?
But if you abandon Israel, and the idea of gaining the freedom to live in a country where you’re not different but the norm, then what was the reason your ancestors were murdered for hundreds of years? But if you don't abandon that, are you then a racist? Are you a bigot? Do you support apartheid? They’ll tell you that you must pick a side and that is an issue occurring in lots of countries and especially on our own campuses.
As we're going to explore, throughout this essay, there are certain people who live in this linear direction of thinking that all Jews are Zionists, and that Zionism is a racist ideology. And that if 

you're a Jew, you support Zionism, which so happens to be every single Jew, then you are racist. Now the question arises, is this antisemitism?
In a lecture delivered by Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, the Chief Rabbi of Britain at the time, he addressed this issue. Rabbi Sacks described anti-Semitism as a mutating virus that is always present and continually changing. Initially, anti-Semitism took the form of hatred towards Jews due to their religion. The hate required fuel to exist, and this fuel came from the belief that Jews were responsible for the death of Jesus. This notion led to the belief that Jews were different from other people, and therefore they needed to be hated. They were forced into ghettos, subjected to blood libels and pogroms, and their innocent children were attacked. This was the first iteration of anti-Semitism. The second version of this mutating virus occurred in the late 1800s to the mid-1900s. During this period, scientific studies on the purity of race began to emerge. Modern science, aided by rising nationalism, sought to identify what made a nation pure. They concluded that for a nation to be pure, it had to be exclusive to the natives of that land. For the Germans, this meant that only the Aryans were considered pure, and anyone who was different was seen as a threat preventing them from achieving their utopia. This left the Jews as a target for hatred, once again. Since they were seen as different and as an obstacle to achieving their utopia, people were encouraged to hate them and do everything possible to stop them from destroying their modern-day utopia. This ultimately led to the Holocaust.
Rabbi Sacks then asked the question: what is fueling the fire for modern-day hatred, and what ideology cannot be allowed in society? Interestingly, the moral theme that emerged from the Holocaust was that as a society, we cannot tolerate the abuse of basic human rights, and we cannot stand for violence and persecution of people, ideologies, and beliefs. However, when a bad thing happens to a society or a nation, two opportunities emerge. The first option is for the nation to point to themselves and ask what went wrong and what they could do to fix the problem. This requires hard work, diligence, and dedication. The second option is to point fingers and ask who did this to us and who is preventing us from achieving our modern-day utopia of a peaceful society - and this is where modern-day anti-Semitism emerges in the form of anti-Zionism. Rabbi Sacks emphasized the difference between anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism. It would be foolish to say that every anti-Zionist is an anti-Semite. The term "anti-Semitism," just like "bigot" or "racist," is a harsh claim that cannot be thrown around lightly. Not supporting Israel does not necessarily make someone an anti-Semite. For example, someone who has experienced horrible tragedies might not support the idea of Israel because they have seen what Israel is capable of in the worst circumstances - but that does not automatically make them an anti-Semite.
The area that a person has to cross to become an anti-Semite is when they abuse the idea of anti-Zionism in the face of our moral beliefs. An anti-Semite is someone who already believes in hatred, but they did not have a way to express it. Now, with the guise of anti-Zionism, they can blame Jews for controlling the bank, the state of Israel, and even ISIS. They can claim that Jews are responsible for Hamas, the bombing of Gaza, and even for 9/11. They can blame Zionists for all the flaws in humanity, from communism to capitalism. 

As we’ve mentioned these are very old claims that date all the way back to the Nazis. In the year 1940, a Nazi propaganda film called the Eternal Jew was released to the public and it is a prime example of how this ancient hatred is played out. The film is meant to be viewed as a factual documentary about the history and beliefs of the Jewish people in Europe. I want us to only focus on the first 30 minutes. First, the film establishes the false claim that all Jews in Germany are lying about who they are to the European people. The narrator then proceeds to declare that the Jewish people are a plague on the Aryan race and are responsible for the "corruption behind mankind". Furthermore, the film suggests that Jews' main interests lay in business and that they are "street rats" who swindle all who pass by. This portrayal perpetuates the stereotype of Jews as greedy and untrustworthy, showing no allegiance to their country and needing to be forced to contribute to the German economy. Throughout the film, the narrator paints a picture of Jewish people as parasitical, always fleeing from one rich country to another, feeding off of the people and leaving the locals destitute. Even the Jewish people's ancient history in Palestine is portrayed negatively, as the narrator suggests that Jews took the land for their own use and to mourn all their losses, implying that they had no real claim to it. The film also perpetuates the dangerous and false conspiracy theory that Jews have a plan to slowly move into the aristocratic party, from the ghetto and spread the disease of Jewry. The narrator claims that there is no difference in Jews, that they all share the same detestable traits, whether a Jew is in Poland or in Palestine. Antisemitic beliefs like those propagated by "The Eternal Jew" have real-world consequences. Even recently, members of extremist groups were shouting about how Jews try and infiltrate countries. The unfortunate reality is that people are still saying that Jews control the banks, that they have no allegiance to any country and commit genocide on any country they go into. It is essential that we recognize the danger of these beliefs and read past the lies. The arguments regarding the state of Israel are not consistent, and antisemites are using Zionism as a cover for their hatred. We must reject this type of bigotry and stand against all forms of prejudice and discrimination.
So, to help us identify what is antisemitism, a system was formed that is called the 3 Ds. This is a test created by Natan Sharansky with three different criteria: 1) Delegitimization 2) Demonization and 3) Double Standard. By following this test we can entirely avoid a claim becoming popular today that, as Jews, we will always say everything is antisemitic when it does not work with us.
So far, we have established a foundation to help you identify antisemitism, so let’s now apply this to today’s media, before we jump to how antisemitism infiltrated college campuses. First, lets get familiar with the BDS orginazation. Taking a look at their website, BDS tells us their mission statement: to give the same basic human rights that are afforded to every other person that are being denied to the Palestianian by Israel. How did it get to this? Because Israel has managed to gain support internationally which has allowed to create a society of colonialism, apartheid and occupation. But this has gone on for too long and its time to solve it by following three steps.
1. Boycott 

2. Divestment 3. Sanction
And what is BDS’ demands? What human rights are we fighting for? One: we need to dismantle the wall separating East Jerusalem and where Palestinians are forced into ghettos that are “surrounded by checkpoints, settlements and watchtowers and an illegal apartheid Wall. Israel has imposed a medieval siege on Gaza , turning it into the largest open air prison in the world”. Two: full equality for all Palestians; “One-fifth of Israel’s citizens are Palestinians who remained inside the armistice lines after 1948. They are subjected to a system of racial discrimination enshrined in more than 50 laws that impact every aspect of their lives. The Israeli government continues to forcibly displace Palestinian communities in Israel from their land”. Three: Respecting the rights of Palestinians to return home. “Since its violent establishment in 1948 through the ethnic cleansing of more than half of the indigenous people of Palestine, Israel has set out to control as much land and uproot as many Palestinians as it can. As a result of this systematic forced displacement, there are now more than 7.25 million Palestinian refugees. They are denied their right to return to their homes simply because they are not Jewish”.
You’re probably wondering what is the issue with this? After all, you’re fighting for the same things, just on opposite sides, if anything based off this, as a Jewish Zionist, you should be one of the biggest supporters! But to every story there will always be two sides. The ADL argues that at the core of the BDS movement is an antisemitic rhetoric. The BDS movement is a rebranding of the old-school antisemitism, which as Rabbi Sacks points out must latch onto this generation's main motif, the rectification of human rights violations. The ADL exposes that the BDS movement uses words to describe Israel, such as “apartheid”, “colonist”, “oppressor”, “genocide”, and “oppressor”, all in an attempt to dehumanize the Israeli state and it is not in an effort to strengthen relationships with Palestine. The goal of BDS ideally should be advocating for peace between Palestine and Israel, but in order to accomplish peace both sides must be able to recognize the other as an equal, but this recognition can not happen with the demonizing painting that BDS portrays of the whole Israeli state. They are aiming for a one-state solution, solely, controlled by the Palestinians, which as shown by the IHRA as antisemitic for it is denying the rights of the Jewish people to a state of their own, in a land from which they are indigenous. Additionally, by using these words the movement directly demonizes anyone who is from Israel or supports the country and not the government. This can be anyone, it is not limited to political right-wing Israelis, instead these terms become a blanket statement that can be used to villainize.
These are bold claims, so how can this defended? This is not a tough question only for you, it is a question that the Israeli government was forced to answer and they did by, putting out a large report exploring BDS, called Behind the Mask. One of the eye opening this brought up is Germanys’s condemnation “The calls of the campaign to boycott Israeli artists as well as “Don’t buy” stickers on Israeli goods, which shall discourage from the purchase, remind us ofthe most terrible phase of German history. “Don’t buy’- stickers of the BDSmovement on Israeli products inevitably kindle memories of the Nazi (NS) parole “Kauft nicht bei Juden!” (Don’t buy from 

Jews)”. Additionally, the report said “The resolution points to the fact that the constant delegitimization of Israel by way of constant call for boycott have the effect of "a stigmatization of Israeli citizens and citizens of Jewish faith as a whole. This is and must be most strongly condemned!”. We can trace back Germany’s thougyht process for this by simply following the 3d test that was brought up earlier. According to Germany, BDS’ extremely stringent boycotting tactics lead to the merging of all of Israel and all of the Jews and deligitmizes any signifigant rebuttal we can bring.
There are even public figures of BDS who have publicly shared antisemitc beliefs! On May 5, 2010, the Palestinian NGO BADIL was awarded a $600 prize for a deeply troubling cartoon rife with classic antisemitic tropes. The caricature portrays a Jewish figure with a menacing smile, a hooked nose, and an angry demeanor, dressed in Hasidic garb and holding the keys to world powers U.S.A and U.K. He stands on a pedestal of 1948 Israel, suggesting that he hides behind the founding of the State of Israel to commit his crimes and terrorize Palestinian children. The pitchfork in his hand features blood, referencing the blood libel trope, which held that Jewish people required the blood of gentiles to bake Matzo for Passover. This cartoon was displayed in a gallery in Ramallah, but has since been removed due to its controversial nature. The use of such a caricature is particularly alarming, as it is a direct replica of the Jewish person in Nazi propaganda.
So far, we have critiqued one part of the BDS claims and shown, briefly, how it unfairly, and in violation of the IHRA, forces Jews to take responisibility of the Israeli government, but what about the claims of ghettos, concentration camps, and a denial to return? Behind the Mask explains this as a tactic called Holocaust inversion. The way that Holocaust inversion works is that its proponents will take an event from the Holocaust, like the camps, and minimize how truly tragic it was in support of their claims. Before we show this is done by BDS, what is wrong with showing history repeating itself? Especially, if this is true? It is wrong because the Holocaust, to this day, remains one of, if not the most, horrifying attacks on human morality. Queens College published a book of a compilation of essays on the Holocaust, I’m sure as another Jew, you are very familiar with the atrocities, never the less I want to bring some example back up from this book- Echoes from the Darkness. In an essay on choice in the camps, Lawrence L. Langer opens it with a quote from Primo Levi “Do you know one says never in camp slang? Tomorrow morning”. We can begin to see just horrifying the camps from one sentence, the chances of you surviving even until the morning in Auschiwtz seemed impossible. In the beginning of the essay, Langer argues that not only can we not comprehend how horrible the Holocaust was, but our language does not even have the capacity to express the horror that these innocent Jews went through solely for being Jewish. He, once again, quotes Primo Levi to emphasize this “Just as our hunger is not that feeling of missing a meal, so our way of being cold has need of a word. We say “hunger”, we say “tiredness”... they are different things. They are free words, created and used by free men who lived in comfort and suffering in their homes. If the camps had lasted longer a new harsh language would have been bnorn and only this language can express what it means to toil the whole day in the wind…” 

Just by not being in a camp, no matter our experiences, we have had such an easy life we can not imagine the horrors our language is not compatible with it. In Night, Elie Wiesel shares that he once watched a young man kill kill his father over a piece of bread. Elie overhear his father crying out that his own son does not even recognize him anymore and begging for him to stop and they can share the bread. But it does not work. The father is killed. The boy finds the bread, eats a part of it, and is promptly killed by people watching who wanted to eat too, and the body of son and father are laid next to each. Judith Steinberg Newman tells a story of how she once watched someone drown and murder an infant because if the Nazis would hear the cries, they would all be killed. In Aushwitz, the Nazis, somehow found it amusing to have prisoners form an orchestra to play as their fellow brothers sisters walked to the gas chambers to die.
In five of years of operating, Aushwitz was guilty of the crime of murdering 1.1 million people. Of that, 960,000 were Jews (History.com). It was hard to find an exact database, but under the wikipedia page of total Palestinian casualties it says that including all of the major events since 1948, there was 63,543 total casualties, of that around 30,000 were fatalities. I decided to ask AI, how many years it would take for the amount casualties to catch up to the to the amount of murders committed in Auschwitz in five years. It would take, approximately, 1,167 years to match the amount of people of murdered.
Human tragedies are not a measuring scale that we should be using ot determine when a call for action is needed. Any life tragically lost should be call to take action, but comparing the two events is not a fair comparison in the slightest. Not only is it not a fair comparison, but it is offensive to suggest that we are all now committing the same crimes done to us. Also, as the ADL reports, these claims of ghettos, concentration camps and genocide hold no facts it. The Behind the Masks, report chronicles countless times that NGOs of BDS are posting disgusting comparisons of Gaza and Auschwitz and countless other examples. It would take too long to explain the history over here of Gaza and the West Bank, but we can confidently say that they are not government sanctioned areas where the inhabitants are being to gas chambers or to do labour until they die of exhaustion. This is all Holocaust inversion, it is wrong, offensive, antisemitic, as per the IHRA, and is a common tactic employed by BDS.
On May 5, 2010, the Palestinian NGO BADIL was awarded a $600 prize for a deeply troubling cartoon rife with classic antisemitic tropes. The caricature portrays a Jewish figure with a menacing smile, a hooked nose, and an angry demeanor, dressed in Hasidic garb and holding the keys to world powers U.S.A and U.K. He stands on a pedestal of 1948 Israel, suggesting that he hides behind the founding of the State of Israel to commit his crimes and terrorize Palestinian children. The pitchfork in his hand features blood, referencing the blood libel trope, which held that Jewish people required the blood of gentiles to bake Matzo for Passover. This cartoon was displayed in a gallery in Ramallah, but has since been removed due to its controversial nature. The use of such a caricature is particularly alarming, as it is a direct replica of the Jewish person in the Nazi propaganda film, The Eternal Jew, which is known as one of the most heinous antisemitic works of all time. The cartoon reinforces the classic trope that Jews are behind the scenes controlling governments and espousing the vilest beliefs. This is just one of many 

antisemitic cartoons posted in support of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement. When institutions support BDS, knowingly or unknowingly, they contribute to the spread of such hate-filled imagery. BADIL is an NGO that is backed by multiple European countries, yet they choose to award anti-Semitic characters instead of fulfilling their responsibility to make public the plight of the Palestinian people. When a college chooses to support BDS, their money goes to awards like this and their support goes to beliefs like this. It is our duty to speak out against such blatant displays of hate when we encounter it on campus.
This is something home to even CUNY. Recently, CUNY John Jay hosted a pro Palestinian speaker. For her fellow Palestinians she is surely an icon, a beacon of hope in these dark times. But, for us Jews, we should be a little timid about some of her tactics. The ADL, however, shows that Nerdeen Kiswani’s organizations, and her beliefs, stem from antisemitic beliefs. For example, she calls for all Zionists to be ostracized, isolated, and harassed for simply believing in an ancient Jewish belief. She has, more or less, looked onto Iran as a model and called for Israel to be wiped off the map. Kiswani has spread vile theories of Zionism that are poorly hidden for what they are- antisemitic! In addition, she has publicly said, with no remorse, that violence is the only solution and the people of Palestine should be ready to go down that road no matter the cost, no matter how many how lives are cut too short. The ADL also lists her support of violence to get there: in 2014 when there was a shooting and “meat clover” attack in Jerusalem that killed 4 people, she labeled it as a natural reaction and praised the PFLP leader responsible for plane hijackings.
One of the most powerful essays in the Queens College book, Echoes from the Holocaust, is an essay written by Warren K. Thompson called Ethics, Evil, And the Final Solution. It is in this essay, that Thompson travels down the depressing question that has plagued us for the past eighty years: HOW? How did this happen? What went wrong? Thompson felt the calling to be another philosopher to take a try at ansdwering and to begin to approach thesis he had to wade through some of the saddest sources a person could find. But by heroicly wading this this terrain of despair- some somber keypoints came to light.
One, there may any deep and philosophical answer as to why. It can just be because. The Germans killed six million Jews just because the could and there would be nothing more to it.
Two, the Holocaust can be viewed as so irrational that at the end of the day there will be nothing that there is that we can learn from it.
Three, “ ‘the Holocaust was… an event showing that none of the achievements of our civilixastion offers protection against infernal horrors’ Not law, or government, or religious, or human good will protect people who are singled out for abuse by those in power.”
Just as Thompson, you are probably now thinking so what? What is the correlation between these statements and how? At the end of the day, Thompson points out that to reach these timepooints, to reach beyond even the irrational does not require a whole society of irrational people. A whole and rational society can decide to kill a nation. A whole and ration society can decide to sit back while this is done. But all it needs is one person who can think the utterly despicable and unthinkable- once done, than these things can come to fruition. This is 

Thompson’s thesis. Everything that we view as stable, as normal, as something so embedded in who we are can come crumbling down with ease when met with the unthinkable. And, so, this is what Hitler did. This is how a rational society fell, it couldn’t handle his thoughts rationally. And it is how the nations were able to sit by.
You may have noticed we have gone off topic and are wondering what this has to do with Kiswani, BDS, and you, a twenty-first century Jew. I included this here so you can remember what our new motto is “Never forget”. Never forget how easy everything can change and how fast six million people can die. All it takes is one hateful, spitefull, but charismatic person and everything we think will never happen, will happen. We can sit back, we can say its a different world now, but is it? Replace Zionist and Jew and how far apart are we in the eye of our public leader? We must recognize that these individuals pose a serious threat to our community. The issue is not limited to just CUNY and UC Berkeley; it is a nationwide problem. At Duke University, Mohammed El-Kurd was invited to speak, despite his public statements that describe Jewish settlers and Israel as bloodthirsty, fascists, terrorists, and colonizers. These beliefs, which propagate classic anti-Semitic tropes from Eastern Europe, are deeply offensive. Yet, the University of Minnesota publicly supported his speech, claiming that it was not hateful because it targeted Zionism. Unfortunately, this sort of response was predictable.
Take, for example, an experience the Jewish activist, Rudy Rochman, recorded at UC Berkeley. In 2019, Rudy Rochman went and visited the UC Berkeley campus where he had a debate with a Palestinian. It was a very intense and emotional argument on both sides, but throughout the argument, certain red flags were raised. Within the first two minutes, Rudy’s family history was delegitimized. The Palestinian that Rudy was arguing with refused to acquiesce that it was possible, that he a Jew, can have familial ties to the land of Israel and proclaimed that he is stealing history! Within the first five minutes, he denied the legitimacy of the religious item he wore, even when Rudy explained that his Jewish ancestors have been wearing it for four thousand years. When the topic of the 1948 Liberation was brought up it was referred to as an ethnic cleansing and when Rudy attempted to explain why it wasn't the case “he was howled down” and it was blamed on the fact that he is a “ghun huo zionist” who will deny facts. A minute later, he insinuates it is an apartheid state that has a ghetto for the Ethiopians. When Rudy tries to explain how the Ethiopians have a fair and equal place in Israeli society and asks where the ghetto is the person he was arguing with gets angry and insults and delegitimizes him and that by Rudy supporting the state of Israel he represents the whole state of Israel, its crimes and its racism and then walks away. A couple of minutes afterward,he calls any Jewish citizens settlers of the land and the occupiers of Palestine. The argument gets more heated from there and when asked if the Palestinians have killed innocent Jews he justifies the killing of Jews because they are not innocent and colonizers of a land that does not belong to them. The argument does not go much further from here, around ten minutes in, but follows the same themes and only increases in tension.
But we have seen this everything in this essay so far build up to this and so has the Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal reported a rise in hostility and discrimination against 

Jewish students on college campuses by anti-Semitic and anti-Zionist groups. Some students feel the need to hide their Magen David and are excluded from debates on issues surrounding Israel and Palestine. According to the Anti-Defamation League, incidents of vandalism, threats, and slurs against Jewish students have risen significantly from 47 in 2014 to 155 in 2021. Students who support Israel have been barred from student government positions in some universities. This increase in hostility coincides with news of anti-Semitism in popular culture, further exacerbating the situaion.
The central debate on campus is whether anti-Zionism, which rejects Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state, is a form of anti-Semitism or a legitimate political stance. Supporters of Israel argue that anti-Zionism denies the Jewish people their homeland and applies double standards, demonization, and delegitimization to Israel and its supporters – the three Ds that define
anti-Semitism according to the US State Department. Opponents of Israel claim that
anti-Zionism is a human rights movement that challenges Israel's violations of Palestinian rights. This debate leaves debate may make you feel alone on campus, but we’ve explored why you should be able to read through these claims and attacks on you and your people. But even if it is still not adding up, all you need to do when you’re feeling alone and hated is to do the reverse of what they expect of you. If they ridicule your being Jewish be proud! If they see a yarmulkay and harrassyou, wear it the next day! And if they see a Magen David and attack you because it is a symbol of Israel- don’t stop wearing it!
The Star of David is a symbol with deep significance in Jewish ideology and heritage. It has been one of the few symbols that has endured throughout history as a representation of Jewish people. The Wall Street Journal, a reputable source, has reported on the issue, and the author does not appear to be biased in favor of Zionism or being Jewish. The study conducted by the Wall Street Journal is the consequence of the sources leading up to it, showing that support for the Palestinian one-state solution and organizations like BDS will only cause further violence and hostility towards Jewish people on campus. Rabbi Sacks warned of this years ago, and the question at hand is how long until Jewish students are forced to hide their identities and beliefs to pass their classes, and whether there will be any Jewish students left in US colleges if it reaches this point.
But how have campuses reacted when they were exposed to antisemitism? What can you expect? It’s a mixed bad, the administrators are trying their hardest, but it is a long process and feels as if nothing is being accomplished. Let’s take a look at Queens College. On January 6th, a swastika and grafitti was found on campus “Saying the KKK lives”. The event happened on the one year anniversary of the riots at the capitol. The incident left all of those effected by it terrified for the safety on campus. How would they fare next semester? Will the situation get worse? How will the administration handle this? These were all question racing through the minds of students and professors who felt attacked. The administration did not have a proper protocol in place and could not respond fast enough. It took weeks to get started, days after the event, a condemnation of the attack was put out and month later a proper police file was formed. All of these decisions, obviously, left those who were attacked angry at the administration and 

scared of what their future will look like. But Queens college, heard and saw the cries of those effected, though it took a long time, these cries for help from the ones in power were met, eventually.
College campuses can be a scary place, not just for Jews but for Palestinians too, and for all minorities. So, how can we move forward? This paper was started with a chilling remark by the Chief Rabbi Jonathon Sacks, so I’d like to end it on a message of hope from Rabbi Sacks. Just because you and I are Jews, it does not mean that is where our fight ends! We must fight for progress for all! There is power in unity and we must never forget that. Widespread antisemitism can be viewed as the first sign of a failing society, a society that is creating a platform for hate. We must stop it before it progresses. But what about specifically for Jews? As a nation, we’ve developed this attitude that we are alone. We see it almost everywhere in our culture, Rabbi Joseph Solevetchik’s essay, The Lonely Man of Faith, became renowned and a best seller all based on the idea of Jewish solitude! But this is not the attitude that we need. This is not a healthy mindset, we have allies. We don’t live in the same culture as we did eighty years ago, the countries of the world aren’t kicking us out; they are fighting for us! Germany is now one of our top allies, America which once turned away Jews immediately after the Holocaust now has the second largest population!
We have friends, we have people who will stick up for us and we do not want to send across the wrong message. Instead of internalizing their hate, let’s reach out and break out. On college campuses, instead of being afraid and hiding our identity, we should be proud! Instead of forming solely Jewish clubs, let us follow the advice of Rabbi Sacks and make a club with Palestinian students and together fight Islamophobia and antisemitism. The only way we can move past hatred is by being able to see each eye to eye. If we can do this, then the history of the Jewish nation shall be written down once again for the next 2,000 years.
